# Receipt Processor Exersice
This repository contains a solution to the challenge described on [this repository](https://github.com/fetch-rewards/receipt-processor-challenge). The primary objective of this project is to showcase my programming skills, problem-solving abilities, and software development knowledge.

## Challenge Description

The challenge involves building a webservice that fullfils the documented API as it's described bellow.

---
## Documented API

### Endpoint: Process Receipts
* Path: `/receipts/process`
* Method: `POST`
* Payload: Receipt JSON
* Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.

Description:

Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.

The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into `/receipts/{id}/points` to get the number of points the receipt
was awarded.

How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.

Reminder: Data does not need to survive an application restart. This is to allow you to use in-memory solutions to track any data generated by this endpoint.

Example Response:
```json
{ "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }
```

### Endpoint: Get Points

* Path: `/receipts/{id}/points`
* Method: `GET`
* Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.

A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

Example Response:
```json
{ "points": 32 }
```
---
# Rules

These rules collectively define how many points should be awarded to a receipt.

* One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
* 50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
* 25 points if the total is a multiple of `0.25`.
* 5 points for every two items on the receipt.
* If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3, multiply the price by `0.2` and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
* 6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
* 10 points if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.
